README.md, before:

cbor-js
=======

The Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) data format ([RFC 7049](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7049)) implemented in pure JavaScript.

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/paroga/cbor-js.png)](https://travis-ci.org/paroga/cbor-js)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/paroga/cbor-js/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/paroga/cbor-js?branch=master)
[![Dependency status](https://david-dm.org/paroga/cbor-js/status.png)](https://david-dm.org/paroga/cbor-js#info=dependencies&view=table)
[![Dev Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/paroga/cbor-js/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/paroga/cbor-js#info=devDependencies&view=table)
[![Selenium Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/buildstatus/paroga-cbor-js)](https://saucelabs.com/u/paroga-cbor-js)

[![Selenium Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/paroga-cbor-js.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/paroga-cbor-js)

API
---

The `CBOR`-object provides the following two functions:

CBOR.**decode**(*data*)
> Take the ArrayBuffer object *data* and return it decoded as a JavaScript object.

CBOR.**encode**(*data*)
> Take the JavaScript object *data* and return it encoded as a ArrayBuffer object.

Usage
-----

Include `cbor.js` in your or HTML page:
```html
<script src="path/to/cbor.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
```

Then you can use it via the `CBOR`-object in your code:
```javascript
var initial = { Hello: "World" };
var encoded = CBOR.encode(initial);
var decoded = CBOR.decode(encoded);
```
After running this example `initial` and `decoded` represent the same value.

### Combination with WebSocket

The API was designed to play well with the `WebSocket` object in the browser:
```javascript
var websocket = new WebSocket(url);
websocket.binaryType = "arraybuffer";
...
websocket.onmessage = function(event) {
  var message = CBOR.decode(event.data);
};
...
websocket.send(CBOR.encode(message));
```

Commit message:

explain what this is, remove status imagery

README.md, after:

cbor-js
=======

The Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) data format ([RFC 7049](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7049)) implemented in pure JavaScript.

This is an unofficial branch of a CBOR implementation by Patrick Gansterer (paroga) that supports Float 16 and 32 encoding by default, implements an exact accounting buffer allocation strategy, and adds an option for allowing extraneous bytes at the end of a chunk.

API
---

The `CBOR`-object provides the following two functions:

CBOR.**decode**(*data*)
> Take the ArrayBuffer object *data* and return it decoded as a JavaScript object.

CBOR.**encode**(*data*)
> Take the JavaScript object *data* and return it encoded as a ArrayBuffer object.

Usage
-----

Include `cbor.js` in your or HTML page:
```html
<script src="path/to/cbor.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
```

Then you can use it via the `CBOR`-object in your code:
```javascript
var initial = { Hello: "World" };
var encoded = CBOR.encode(initial);
var decoded = CBOR.decode(encoded);
```
After running this example `initial` and `decoded` represent the same value.

### Combination with WebSocket

The API was designed to play well with the `WebSocket` object in the browser:
```javascript
var websocket = new WebSocket(url);
websocket.binaryType = "arraybuffer";
...
websocket.onmessage = function(event) {
  var message = CBOR.decode(event.data);
};
...
websocket.send(CBOR.encode(message));
```
